Runtime Agent uses certificates to communicate with Compass (#5729)
kyma-project/kyma: components/compass-runtime-agent/README.md

## Parameters and environment variables

The Compass Runtime Agent uses these environment variables:

> - **APP_CONFIG_FILE** - specifies the path to the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **APP_CONFIG_FILE** specifies the path to the configuration file.
```

> - **APP_CONTROLLER_SYNC_PERIOD** - specifies the time period between resyncing existing resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **APP_CONTROLLER_SYNC_PERIOD** specifies the time period between resynchronizing existing resources.
```

> - **APP_MINIMAL_COMPASS_SYNC_TIME** - specifies the minimal time between synchronizing the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **APP_MINIMAL_COMPASS_SYNC_TIME** specifies the minimal time between synchronizing the configuration.
```

> - **APP_CERT_VALIDITY_RENEWAL_THRESHOLD** - specifies when the certificate should be renewed based on remaining validity time of current certificate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **APP_CERT_VALIDITY_RENEWAL_THRESHOLD** specifies when the certificate must be renewed based on the remaining validity time of the current certificate. 
```

> - **APP_CLUSTER_CERTIFICATES_SECRET** - specifies the Namespace and Name of the secret in which client certificate and key should be stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **APP_CLUSTER_CERTIFICATES_SECRET** specifies the Namespace and the Name of the Secret in which to store the client certificate and the key.
```

> - **APP_CA_CERTIFICATES_SECRET** - specifies the Namespace and Name of the secret in which CA certificate should be stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **APP_CA_CERTIFICATES_SECRET** specifies the Namespace and the Name of the Secret in which to store the CA certificate.
```

> - **APP_INSECURE_CONNECTOR_COMMUNICATION** - specifies whether to communicate with Connector Service with disabled TLS verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **APP_INSECURE_CONNECTOR_COMMUNICATION** specifies whether to communicate with the Connector Service with disabled TLS verification.
```

> - **APP_INTEGRATION_NAMESPACE** - specifies the Namespace in which the resources are created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **APP_INTEGRATION_NAMESPACE** specifies the Namespace in which to create the resources.
```

> - **APP_GATEWAY_PORT** - specifies the Application Gateway port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **APP_GATEWAY_PORT** specifies the Application Gateway port.
```

> - **APP_INSECURE_CONFIGURATION_FETCH** - specifies whether to fetch the configuration with disabled TLS verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **APP_INSECURE_CONFIGURATION_FETCH** specifies whether to fetch the configuration with disabled TLS verification.
```

> - **APP_UPLOAD_SERVICE_URL** - specifies the URL of the upload service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **APP_UPLOAD_SERVICE_URL** specifies the URL of the upload service.
```

> - **APP_QUERY_LOGGING** - specifies whether GraphQL queries should be logged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **APP_QUERY_LOGGING** specifies whether to log GraphQL queries.
```

## Generating Custom Resource client

> Code generation is not yet supported with Go Modules, therefor the code generator needs to be run inside Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Go Modules do not support code generation, you must run the code generator inside a Docker container.
```
Can we skip the `yet`? We're not supposed to promise the user any future functionalities. 
Or (if the version above is not correct):
`Code generation is not supported with Go Modules, therefore the code generator needs to be run inside a Docker container.`

> To generate Custom Resource client and deep copy functions, run this command from component directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate a Custom Resource client and deep copy functions, run this command from the component directory:
```
